=encoding utf-8

=head1 NAME

CI - Get details about the current CI environment

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Test::More;
  use CI qw(is_ci);

  plan skip_all => 'only in CI' if !is_ci;

  ...

  done_testing;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module provides details about the current CI environment.
This is a perl port of L<https://github.com/watson/ci-info>.

=head1 FUNCTIONS

Note that all functions are not exported by default. You can optionally export some functions by, for example, C<< use CI qw(is_ci); >>.

=head2 name

Returns a string containing name of the CI server the code is running on. If CI server is not detected, it returns C<undef>.

=head2 is_ci

Returns C<1/0>. Will be C<1> if the code is running on a CI server, otherwise C<0>.
Some CI servers not listed here might still trigger the C<is_ci> to be set to C<1>
if they use certain vendor neutral environment variables.
In those cases C<name> will be C<undef> and no VENDOR-CONSTANT will be set to C<1>.

=head2 is_pr

Returns C<1/0/undef> if PR detection is supported for the current CI server.
Will be true if a PR is being tested, otherwise false. If PR detection is not supported for the current CI server, the value will be C<undef>.

=head2 VENDOR-CONSTANT

Returns C<1/0>.
Will be C<1> if the code is determined to run on the given CI server, otherwise C<0>.

Examples of vendor constants are C<TRAVIS> or C<APPVEYOR>. For a complete list, see the support table below.

=head1 SUPPORTED CI TABLE

  Name                  Constant        is_pr
  --------------------- --------------- -------------
  AWS CodeBuild         CODEBUILD       Not supported
  AppVeyor              APPVEYOR        Supported
  Azure Pipelines       AZURE_PIPELINES Supported
  Bamboo by Atlassian   BAMBOO          Not supported
  Bitbucket Pipelines   BITBUCKET       Supported
  Bitrise               BITRISE         Supported
  Buddy                 BUDDY           Supported
  Buildkite             BUILDKITE       Supported
  CircleCI              CIRCLE          Supported
  Cirrus CI             CIRRUS          Supported
  Codeship              CODESHIP        Not supported
  Drone                 DRONE           Supported
  dsari                 DSARI           Not supported
  GitHub Actions        GITHUB_ACTIONS  Supported
  GitLab CI             GITLAB          Not supported
  GoCD                  GOCD            Not supported
  Hudson                HUDSON          Not supported
  Jenkins CI            JENKINS         Supported
  Magnum CI             MAGNUM          Not supported
  Netlify CI            NETLIFY         Supported
  Nevercode             NEVERCODE       Supported
  Sail CI               SAIL            Supported
  Semaphore             SEMAPHORE       Supported
  Shippable             SHIPPABLE       Supported
  Solano CI             SOLANO          Supported
  Strider CD            STRIDER         Not supported
  TaskCluster           TASKCLUSTER     Not supported
  TeamCity by JetBrains TEAMCITY        Not supported
  Travis CI             TRAVIS          Supported

=head1 AUTHOR

Shoichi Kaji <skaji@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright 2019 Shoichi Kaji <skaji@cpan.org>

The MIT License (MIT)

Note that the actual CI information comes from L<https://github.com/watson/ci-info>,
whose license is MIT.

=cut
